I never imagined that four months could be as memorable as the time I spent in California. Amongst other radical adventures, I had the opportunity to hike in Yosemite National Park with my classmates. This picture was taken while I was filming a vlog, and I just happened to be wearing my new company shirt (a favourite!). I think this photo encapsulates every aspect of how incredible the term was. I strengthened my friendships with my classmates tenfold and my colleagues became like family. I will treasure the memories I made over this co-op term for the rest of my life. 

I never imagined that four months could be as memorable as the time I spent in California. Amongst other great adventures, I had the opportunity to hike in Yosemite National Park with my classmates. This picture was taken while I was filming a vlog on the last day of the trip exploring the valley floor, and just happened to be wearing my new company shirt (a favourite!). I strengthened my friendships with my classmates tenfold and my colleagues became like family. The memories I made over this co-op term will be treasured for the rest of my life. 
I never imagined that four months could be as memorable as the time I spent in California. Amongst other great adventures, I had the opportunity to hike in Yosemite National Park with my classmates. This picture was taken while I was filming a vlog on the last day of the trip exploring the valley floor, and just happened to be wearing my new favourite company shirt. My colleagues became like family and the memories I made over this co-op term will be treasured for the rest of my life. My friend took this picture of me in Yosemite National Park on the last day of a weekend trip with my classmates. This photo captures a fraction of the amazing memories I made with friends old and new in California in these short four months. My shirt just happens to be from ZBoard, the company I landed my dream internship at this term, designing electric longboards. At ZBoard, I made friendships that will last forever. I was always excited for co-op, but I never imagined that a term could be as epic as this. In my hand is the action cam that I brought on all of my weekly adventures.This photo captures a fraction of the endless memories I made with friends old and new in California in these short four months.My friend took this picture of me in Yosemite National Park, on the last day of our weekend trip with 6 other co-ops. This photo captures more than just the immense beauty of the forest. In my hand is the action cam that I brought on all of my weekly adventures. I made endless memories exploring California, with friends new and old. My shirt just happens to be from ZBoard, the company I landed my dream internship at this term, designing electric longboards. There, I made friends with my colleagues that will last forever. I was always excited for co-op, but I never imagined that a term could be as epic as this. 